MIT License
Copyright (c) 2025 Alex Bekmukhamedov

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commons Clause License Condition v1.0

The Software is provided to you by the Licensor under the MIT License, as
defined above, subject to the following condition:

Without limiting other conditions in the MIT License, the grant of rights
under the MIT License will not include, and the MIT License does not grant
to you, the right to Sell the Software.

For purposes of this clause, “Sell” means to provide to third parties, for a
fee or other consideration (including hosting, consulting, or support
services), any or all of the rights granted to you under the MIT License to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, or otherwise
transfer the Software.

If you wish to use the Software for commercial purposes, please contact
the Licensor to obtain a separate commercial license.

Software: AlexTodo
Licensor: Alex Bekmukhamedov
